docs: sync stale version references and fix API doc mismatches (#6277)
pyodide/pyodide: docs/usage/cli.md

### Github releases

> You can download `pyodide-core-314.0.0.tar.bz2` from github releases and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download `pyodide-core-vv.vv.vv.tar.bz2` from github releases and
```

Keep it version agnostic
